Add some missing subscription metrics doc (#16722)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-metrics.md

| pulsar_subscription_msg_rate_out | Gauge | The total message dispatch rate for a subscription (message per second). |
| pulsar_subscription_msg_throughput_out | Gauge | The total message dispatch throughput for a subscription (byte per second). |
| pulsar_subscription_msg_ack_rate | Gauge | The total message acknowledgment rate for a subscription (message per second). |

> | pulsar_subscription_last_expire_timestamp | Gauge | The subscription last message expire execution timestamp. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_subscription_last_expire_timestamp | Gauge | The expiration timestamp of the subscription's last message. |
```
Is this what you meant?

Author: That's copy/pasted from javadoc. I guess your proposal is better.

> | pulsar_subscription_last_acked_timestamp | Gauge | The subscription last acked message timestamp. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_subscription_last_acked_timestamp | Gauge | The timestamp of the subscription's last acknowledged message. |
```

> | pulsar_subscription_last_consumed_flow_timestamp | Gauge | The subscription last received consume flow command timestamp. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_subscription_last_consumed_flow_timestamp | Gauge | The timestamp of the last received consume flow command on the subscription. |
```

> | pulsar_subscription_last_consumed_timestamp | Gauge | The subscription last consume message timestamp. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_subscription_last_consumed_timestamp | Gauge | The timestamp of the last consumed message on the subscription. |
```

> | pulsar_subscription_last_mark_delete_advanced_timestamp | Gauge | The subscription last MarkDelete position advanced timestamp. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_subscription_last_mark_delete_advanced_timestamp | Gauge | The advanced timestamp of the last MarkDelete position on the subscription. |
```
Is this what you meant?

> | pulsar_subscription_msg_rate_expired | Gauge | The total rate of messages expired on this subscription (msg/s). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_subscription_msg_rate_expired | Gauge | The total rate of messages expired on this subscription (message per second). |
```

> | pulsar_subscription_total_msg_expired | Gauge | The total messages expired on this subscription. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_subscription_total_msg_expired | Gauge | The total number of messages expired on this subscription. |
```

> | pulsar_subscription_msg_drop_rate | Gauge | The rate of messages dropped on this subscription (msg/s). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pulsar_subscription_msg_drop_rate | Gauge | The rate of messages dropped on this subscription (message per second). |
```
